Docker to Machine migration doc (#4111)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/docker-to-machine.md

This document contains some general guidelines and considerations to
make when moving from the Docker executor to machine, or vice versa.

-   TOC {:toc}

Overview
--------

{:.no\_toc}

> Occiasonally, the Docker executor isn't quite the right fit for your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Occasionally, the Docker executor isn't quite the right fit for your
```

---
layout: classic-docs
title: "Migrating from Docker to Machine executor"
short-title: "Migrate from Docker to Machine"
description: "Migrate from Docker to Machine executors"
categories: [containerization, configuration]
order: 20
---

This document contains some general guidelines and considerations to make when
moving from the Docker executor to machine, or vice versa.

* TOC
{:toc}

## Overview
{:.no_toc}

> Occiasonally, the Docker executor isn't quite the right fit for your builds - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Docker executor is not the right fit for all pipelines. 
```

> this can include a lack of memory or requiring more dedicated CPU  power. Moving

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reasons for choosing an alternative executor could include requiring more memory or more dedicated CPU  power. Moving
```

Reviewer: The formatting is going to go all wrong here because the paragraph is split across multiple lines.

> to a dedicated virtual machine can help alleviate some of these  issues, but 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to a dedicated virtual machine can help alleviate some of these issues, but 
```

> changing out the executor isn't as easy as replacing a few lines of  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changing out an executor isn't as easy as replacing a few lines of  
```

configuration. There are some other considerations to make, such as the tools 

> and libraries required to be installed for the application and tests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and libraries required to be installed for your application and tests. 
```

## Pre-installed software

By default, the machine executor images come installed with useful utilities,
but application specific requirements will need to be installed - if the
dependency is not installed within Ubuntu 16.04 by default or is not found on
this list, it will need to be manually installed (note the most up to date

> list can be found here: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/circleci/image-builder/picard-vm-image/provision.sh):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
list can be found [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/circleci/image-builder/picard-vm-image/provision.sh)):
```

* mysql_57 
* mongo 
* postgres
* java 
* oraclejdk8
* java
* openjdk8
* sysadmin
* devtools
* jq
* redis
* memcached
* rabbitmq
* firefox
* chrome
* phantomjs
* awscli
* gcloud
* heroku
* python 2.7.12*
* python 3.5.2
* nodejs 6.1.0*
* nvm
* golang 1.7.3
* ruby 2.3.1*
* rvm
* clojure
* scala
* docker
* socat
* nsenter

\* global default

> Additional packages can be installed with `sudo apt-get install <package>`. IF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional packages can be installed with `sudo apt-get install <package>`. If
```

the package in question is not found, `sudo apt-get update` may be required 
before installing it.

## Can I run Docker containers on machine?

> Yes! Machine executors come installed with Docker, which could be utilized to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes! Machine executors come installed with Docker, which can be utilized to
```

> run your applications within the container rather than installing additional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run your application within a container rather than installing additional
```

> dependencies. Note it's recommended this is done with a customer Docker image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dependencies. Note, it is recommended this is done with a customer Docker image
```

> rather than one of the convenience images, as the convenience images are built

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rather than a CircleCI convenience image, which are built
```

under the assumption they will be used with the Docker executor and may be 

> tricky to work around. Since it's a dedicated virtual machine, commands to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tricky to work around. Since each machine executor environment is a dedicated virtual machine, commands to run
```

> background containers can be used normally as well. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
background containers can be used as normal as well. 
```

> Note that if you have Docker Layer Caching enabled for your account, machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** if you have Docker Layer Caching enabled for your account, machine
```

Reviewer: Just adding DLC because the abbreviation is used below

> executors can utilize this to cache your image layers for subsequent runs as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
executors can utilize this to cache your image layers for subsequent runs.
```

> well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

### Why use Docker executors at all?

While machine executors do offer twice the memory and a more isolated 
enviornment, there is some additional overhead regarding spin up time, and,
depending on the approach taken for running the application, more time is taken
to install the required dependencies or pull your Docker image. The Docker
executor will also cache as many layers as possible from your image during
spin-up, as opposed to the machine executor, where DLC will need to be enabled.

> With that in mind, there are tradeoffs to using either executor. Which one fits

Reviewer: Maybe rephrase with a more positive tone - "All executors have pros and cons, some of which are presented here to help you decide which is right for your use case." or something?
